I. Update Version NumberA. Select new version number.B. Update iWisdom source code. C. Update Target/Application Settings in XCodeD. Update changes.txt in TwoDue.E. Publish changes.txt in TwoDue.F. Open versions.html in BBEdit.G. Save versions.html in iwisdom/aux/userguideH. Update Document.I. Save versions.html in Sites/PowerSurgePub.com/web/products/iwisdomJ. Update Document.K. Update Templates/pspub_beta.htmlL. Update pspub_iwisdom_final.html for Web site and UG to show latest version.M. Update powersurgepub.com/iwisdom.html to identify latest version released.N. Update downloads.html at top level and within iwisdom folderII. DocumentationA. Sync userguide web to sourceB. Use BBEdit to update all source User Guide pagesIII. SoftwareA. Build1. Turn debug off in iwisdom.2. Remove debug.displays in all packages.3. Rebuild all packages as follows.a) Deployment style instead of developmentb) Turn off generation of debugging symbolsc) Clean targetd) Build lib versions, where applicable4. Build the following packages, in the given sequence.a) psutils.pbprojb) psdata.pbprojc) tabdelim.pbprojd) template.pbproje) ui.pbprojf) twodue.pbprojB. Build Mac OS X version1. Launch Disk Utility2. Create a Disk Imagea) Select Images à New à Blank Imageb) Save As iWisdom Volume.dmgc) (Fill in Volume Name of iWisdom volume)d) Select Size of 10 MBe) Leave the format read/write disk image and Encryption set to Nonef) Click Createg) Copy the contents of the Mac OS X Folder into the mounted disk imageh) Eject the Volume3. Compress the Disk Imagea) Within Disk Utility, select Images à Convertb) Select the iWisdom Volume.dmg file just created and hit Openc) Save As iwisdom.dmgd) Image format should be compressed, with no encryptione) Copy iwisdom.dmg to powersurgepub.com Web siteC. Migrate Installers to Web FolderIV. WebA. Update padinfo files (xml and html)B. Update installers page to refer to correct version number(s).C. Use Transmit to upload to Web SiteV. Save SourceA. Migrate to Archive Folder1. Ensure Prior Version has been saved2. Migrate to Current3. Migrate from Current to Next VersionB. Update CVSVI. AnnounceA. News Release1. Publish News Release on Web Site2. Send to Distribution Lista) Apple Developer has to be sent its own copy (no blind ccs)B. See pr/notify.xls	TDFCzar Release Procedures